Improve configuration role section in release notes (#26576)
gradle/gradle: subprojects/docs/src/docs/release/notes.md

<a name="configuration-role"></a>
### Easier to create role-focused Configurations

Gradle provides a flexible dependency management engine that allows build engineers and plugin authors to distinguish between the needs of consumers and producers.
[Configuration](javadoc/org/gradle/api/artifacts/Configuration.html)s involved in dependency management can have three different distinct _roles_ detailed in [Resolvable and consumable configurations](userguide/declaring_dependencies.html#sec:resolvable-consumable-configs).

> The [ConfigurationContainer](javadoc/org/gradle/api/artifacts/ConfigurationContainer.html) now defines three concrete `Configuration` types:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [ConfigurationContainer](javadoc/org/gradle/api/artifacts/ConfigurationContainer.html) now includes three concrete `Configuration` types:
```

- **Consumable** - Models the outgoing variants of a project component.
- **Resolvable** - Acts as the root of a dependency graph.
- **Dependency Scope** - Collects dependencies, constraints, and exclude rules to be used by _Consumable_ and _Resolvable_ configurations.

Dependencies cannot be declared on configurations created with the `consumable` and `resolvable` factory methods.

Previously, the only way to specify a `Configuration`'s role would be by mutating the `canBeConsumed`, `canBeResolved`, and `canBeDeclared` properties.

> Now, new factory methods allow the container to create `Configuration`s explicitly requesting one of these roles.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Now, new factory methods allow the container to create `Configuration`s explicitly requesting one of these roles.
```

Using these factory methods, plugin authors can ensure that their `Configuration`s are used only for their intended purposes.

> Since the allowed usage of `Configuration`s created with these factory methods cannot be mutated, aa configuration with one role can never perform the functions of another.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A configuration with one role can never perform the functions of another.
```

<a name="configuration-role"></a>
### Easier to create role-focused Configurations

Gradle provides a flexible dependency management engine that allows build engineers and plugin authors to distinguish between the needs of consumers and producers.

> [Configuration](javadoc/org/gradle/api/artifacts/Configuration.html)s involved in dependency management can have three different distinct _roles_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Configuration](javadoc/org/gradle/api/artifacts/Configuration.html)s involved in dependency management can have three different distinct _roles_ detailed in [Resolvable and consumable configurations](userguide/declaring_dependencies.html#sec:resolvable-consumable-configs).
```

> See [Resolvable and consumable configurations](userguide/declaring_dependencies.html#sec:resolvable-consumable-configs) for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
